app/code/local/Tatva/Files                            				app/code/local/Tatva/Files                           
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/catalog/files.phtml 	app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/catalog/files.phtml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/catalog/files 		app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/catalog/files
app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/files      				app/design/frontend/default/default/layout/files     
app/design/frontend/default/default/template/files    				app/design/frontend/default/default/template/files   
app/etc/modules/Tatva_Files.xml                                     app/etc/modules/Tatva_Files.xml                      
media/file_type_icons/3gp.png                                       media/file_type_icons/3gp.png                        
media/file_type_icons/avi.png                                       media/file_type_icons/avi.png                        
media/file_type_icons/bmp.png                                       media/file_type_icons/bmp.png                        
media/file_type_icons/default.png                                   media/file_type_icons/default.png                    
media/file_type_icons/doc.png                                       media/file_type_icons/doc.png                        
media/file_type_icons/docx.png                                      media/file_type_icons/docx.png                       
media/file_type_icons/flv.png                                       media/file_type_icons/flv.png                        
media/file_type_icons/gif.png                                       media/file_type_icons/gif.png                        
media/file_type_icons/jpeg.png                                      media/file_type_icons/jpeg.png                       
media/file_type_icons/jpg.png                                       media/file_type_icons/jpg.png                        
media/file_type_icons/mp3.png                                       media/file_type_icons/mp3.png                        
media/file_type_icons/mp4.png                                       media/file_type_icons/mp4.png                        
media/file_type_icons/odf.png                                       media/file_type_icons/odf.png                        
media/file_type_icons/odt.png                                       media/file_type_icons/odt.png                        
media/file_type_icons/pdf.png                                       media/file_type_icons/pdf.png                        
media/file_type_icons/png.png                                       media/file_type_icons/png.png                        
media/file_type_icons/ppt.png                                       media/file_type_icons/ppt.png                        
media/file_type_icons/pptx.png                                      media/file_type_icons/pptx.png                       
media/file_type_icons/psd.png                                       media/file_type_icons/psd.png                        
media/file_type_icons/rar.png                                       media/file_type_icons/rar.png                        
media/file_type_icons/sql.png                                       media/file_type_icons/sql.png                        
media/file_type_icons/swf.png                                       media/file_type_icons/swf.png                        
media/file_type_icons/tiff.png                                      media/file_type_icons/tiff.png                       
media/file_type_icons/txt.png                                       media/file_type_icons/txt.png                        
media/file_type_icons/xls.png                                       media/file_type_icons/xls.png                        
media/file_type_icons/xlsx.png                                      media/file_type_icons/xlsx.png                       
media/file_type_icons/zip.png                                       media/file_type_icons/zip.png                        
skin/adminhtml/default/default/js/product_files                     skin/adminhtml/default/default/js/product_files      
skin/frontend/default/default/css/files.css                         skin/frontend/default/default/css/files.css          
